---
page_title: "nobl9_alert_method_email Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
subcategory: "Alert Methods"
description: |-
  Email Alert Method | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Alerting/Alert_methods/email-alert
---

# nobl9_alert_method_email (Resource)

The **Email Alert Method** enables sending automated and customized alert messages to up to 30 different inboxes per alert to notify Nobl9 users whenever an incident is triggered.

For more details, refer to [Email Alert Method | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Alerting/Alert_methods/email-alert).

## Example Usage

Here's an example of Email Terraform resource configuration:

```terraform
resource "nobl9_alert_method_email" "this" {
  name         = "my-email-alert"
  display_name = "My Email Alert"
  project      = "My Project"
  description = "teams"
  to		  = [ "testUser@nobl9.com" ]
  cc		  = [ "testUser@nobl9.com" ]
  bcc		  = [ "testUser@nobl9.com" ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `to` (List of String) Recipients. The maximum number of recipients is 10.

### Optional

- `bcc` (List of String) Blind carbon copy recipients. The maximum number of recipients is 10.
- `body` (String, Deprecated) This value was used as the template for the email alert's body. 'body' is deprecated and not used anywhere; however, its' kept for backward compatibility.
- `cc` (List of String) Carbon copy recipients. The maximum number of recipients is 10.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `subject` (String, Deprecated) This value was used as the email alert's subject. 'subject' is deprecated and not used anywhere; however, its' kept for backward compatibility.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Useful links

[Email alerts configuration | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Alerting/Alert_methods/email-alert)