---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_cloudwatch Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  Amazon CloudWatch Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/Amazon_CloudWatch/#cloudwatch-direct
---

# nobl9_direct_cloudwatch (Resource)

Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service and a repository that aggregates data from more than 70 AWS data sources. CloudWatch also allows users to publish custom metrics from their services. Creating SLOs using this data is a powerful tool to monitor large portfolios of products. Nobl9 connects with Amazon CloudWatch to collect SLI measurements and compare them to SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [Amazon CloudWatch Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/Amazon_CloudWatch/#cloudwatch-direct)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_cloudwatch" "test-cloudwatch" {
  name                   = "test-cloudwatch"
  project                = "terraform"
  description            = "desc"
  source_of              = ["Metrics", "Services"]
  role_arn               = "secret"
  log_collection_enabled = true
  historical_data_retrieval {
    default_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 0
    }
    max_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 15
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `historical_data_retrieval` (Block List, Max: 1) [Replay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/replay) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval))
- `log_collection_enabled` (Boolean) [Logs documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Features/SLO_troubleshooting/event-logs)
- `query_delay` (Block Set, Max: 1) [Query delay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Features/query-delay). Computed if not provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_delay))
- `release_channel` (String) Release channel of the created datasource [stable/beta]
- `role_arn` (String, Sensitive) [required] | ARN of the AWS IAM Role to assume.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval`

Required:

- `default_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Used by default for any SLOs connected to this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration))
- `max_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the maximum period for which data can be retrieved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration))

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.default_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.max_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.



<a id="nestedblock--query_delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_delay`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute or Second.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
