---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_splunk_observability Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  Splunk Observability Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/splunk-observability/#splunk-observability-direct.
---

# nobl9_direct_splunk_observability (Resource)

Splunk Observability allows users to search, monitor, and analyze machine-generated big data. Splunk Observability enables collecting and monitoring metrics, logs, and traces from common data sources. Data collection and monitoring in one place enables full-stack, end-to-end observability of the entire infrastructure. Nobl9 connects to Splunk Observability for SLI measurement collection and comparison with SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [Splunk Observability Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/splunk-observability/#splunk-observability-direct).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_splunk_observability" "test-splunkobservability" {
  name         = "test-splunkobservability"
  project      = "terraform"
  description  = "desc"
  realm        = "eu"
  access_token = "secret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `realm` (String) SplunkObservability Realm.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) [required] | Splunk API Access Token.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `query_delay` (Block Set, Max: 1) [Query delay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Features/query-delay). Computed if not provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_delay))
- `release_channel` (String) Release channel of the created datasource [stable/beta]
- `source_of` (List of String, Deprecated) This value indicated whether the field was a source of metrics and/or services. 'source_of' is deprecated and not used anywhere; however, it's kept for backward compatibility.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--query_delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_delay`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute or Second.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
