---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_splunk Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  Splunk Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/splunk#splunk-direct.
---

# nobl9_direct_splunk (Resource)

Splunk provides software for searching, monitoring, and analyzing machine-generated data via a Web-style interface. Nobl9 connects to Splunk for SLI measurement collection and comparison with SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [Splunk Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/splunk#splunk-direct).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_splunk" "test-splunk" {
  name         = "test-splunk"
  project      = "terraform"
  description  = "desc"
  url          = "https://web.net"
  access_token = "secret"
  log_collection_enabled = true
  historical_data_retrieval {
    default_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 0
    }
    max_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 30
    }
    triggered_by_slo_creation {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 10
    }
    triggered_by_slo_edit {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 10
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `url` (String) Base API URL to the Splunk Search app.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) [required] | Splunk API Access Token.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `historical_data_retrieval` (Block List, Max: 1) [Replay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/replay) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval))
- `log_collection_enabled` (Boolean) [Logs documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/features/slo-troubleshooting/event-logs)
- `query_delay` (Block Set, Max: 1) [Query delay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/features/query-delay). Computed if not provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_delay))
- `release_channel` (String) Release channel of the created data source [stable/beta]
- `source_of` (List of String, Deprecated) This value indicated whether the field was a source of metrics and/or services. 'source_of' is deprecated and not used anywhere; however, it's kept for backward compatibility.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval`

Required:

- `default_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Used by default for any SLOs connected to this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration))
- `max_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the maximum period for which data can be retrieved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration))

Optional:

- `triggered_by_slo_creation` (Block List) (Block List) Defines the timeframe Nobl9 will reach back to fetch historical data for SLOs based on this data source once they're created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation))
- `triggered_by_slo_edit` (Block List) (Block List) Defines the timeframe Nobl9 will reach back to fetch historical data for SLOs based on this data source after modifying their budget-sensitive fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit))

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.default_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.max_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.triggered_by_slo_creation`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.triggered_by_slo_edit`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.



<a id="nestedblock--query_delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_delay`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute or Second.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
