---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_gcm Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  Google Cloud Monitoring Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/google-cloud-monitoring#google-cloud-monitoring-direct.
---

# nobl9_direct_gcm (Resource)

Google Cloud Monitoring (GCM) provides visibility into the performance, uptime, and overall health of cloud-powered applications. It collects metrics, events, and metadata from Google Cloud, hosted uptime probes, and application instrumentation. Nobl9 connects with GCM to collect SLI measurements and compare them to SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [Google Cloud Monitoring Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/google-cloud-monitoring#google-cloud-monitoring-direct).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_gcm" "test-gcm" {
  name                = "test-gcm"
  project             = "terraform"
  description         = "desc"
  source_of           = ["Metrics", "Services"]
  service_account_key = "secret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `source_of` (List of String) Source of Metrics and/or Services.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `query_delay` (Block List, Max: 1) [Query delay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Features/query-delay) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_delay))
- `service_account_key` (String, Sensitive) [required] | Service Account Key.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--query_delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_delay`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute or Second.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
