---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_appdynamics Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  AppDynamics Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/appdynamics#appdynamics-direct
---

# nobl9_direct_appdynamics (Resource)

AppDynamics is a performance management program for applications. It helps users to gain a comprehensive understanding of the impact of technical difficulties on business goals, allowing IT teams to prioritize their efforts in a way that improves ROI. Nobl9 connects to AppDynamics for SLI measurement collection and comparison with SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [AppDynamics Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/appdynamics#appdynamics-direct)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_appdynamics" "test-appdynamics" {
  name          = "test-appdynamics"
  project       = "terraform"
  description   = "desc"
  url           = "https://web.net"
  account_name  = "account name"
  client_secret = "secret"
  client_name   = "client name"
  log_collection_enabled = true
  release_channel = "stable"
  historical_data_retrieval {
      default_duration  {
        unit  = "Day"
        value = 0
      }
      max_duration {
        unit  = "Day"
        value = 30
      }
      triggered_by_slo_creation {
        unit  = "Day"
        value = 10
      }
      triggered_by_slo_edit {
        unit  = "Day"
        value = 10
      }
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) AppDynamics Account Name.
- `client_name` (String) AppDynamics Client Name.
- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `url` (String) Base URL to the AppDynamics Controller.

### Optional

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) [required] | AppDynamics Client Secret.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `historical_data_retrieval` (Block List, Max: 1) [Replay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/replay) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval))
- `log_collection_enabled` (Boolean) [Logs documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/features/slo-troubleshooting/event-logs)
- `query_delay` (Block Set, Max: 1) [Query delay configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/features/query-delay). Computed if not provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_delay))
- `release_channel` (String) Release channel of the created data source [stable/beta]
- `source_of` (List of String, Deprecated) This value indicated whether the field was a source of metrics and/or services. 'source_of' is deprecated and not used anywhere; however, it's kept for backward compatibility.

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) AppDynamics Client ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval`

Required:

- `default_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Used by default for any SLOs connected to this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration))
- `max_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the maximum period for which data can be retrieved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration))

Optional:

- `triggered_by_slo_creation` (Block List) Defines the period for which data can be retrieved when an SLO is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation))
- `triggered_by_slo_edit` (Block List) Defines the period for which data can be retrieved when an SLO is edited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit))

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.default_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.max_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.triggered_by_slo_creation`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.triggered_by_slo_edit`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.



<a id="nestedblock--query_delay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_delay`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute or Second.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0.

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
