---
page_title: "nobl9_direct_newrelic Resource - terraform-provider-nobl9"
description: |-
  New Relic Direct | Nobl9 Documentation https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/new-relic#new-relic-direct.
---

# nobl9_direct_newrelic (Resource)

New Relic is a software solution that monitors performance and availability. It sets and rates application performance across the environment using a standardized Apdex (application performance index) score. Nobl9 connects with New Relic to collect SLI measurements and compare them to SLO targets.

For more information, refer to [New Relic Direct | Nobl9 Documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Sources/new-relic#new-relic-direct).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nobl9_direct_newrelic" "test-newrelic" {
  name               = "test-newrelic"
  project            = "terraform"
  description        = "desc"
  source_of          = ["Metrics", "Services"]
  account_id         = "1234"
  insights_query_key = "secret"
  historical_data_retrieval {
    default_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 1
    }
    max_duration {
      unit  = "Day"
      value = 10
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) ID number assigned to the New Relic user account.
- `name` (String) Unique name of the resource, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `project` (String) Name of the Nobl9 project the resource sits in, must conform to the naming convention from [DNS RFC1123](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
- `source_of` (List of String) Source of Metrics and/or Services

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource. Here, you can add details about who is responsible for the integration (team/owner) or the purpose of creating it.
- `display_name` (String) User-friendly display name of the resource.
- `historical_data_retrieval` (Block List, Max: 1) [Configuration documentation](https://docs.nobl9.com/Features/replay) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval))
- `insights_query_key` (String, Sensitive) [required] | New Relic Insights Query Key.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the created direct.

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval`

Required:

- `default_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Used by default for any SLOs connected to this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration))
- `max_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the maximum period for which data can be retrieved (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration))

<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.default_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0


<a id="nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `historical_data_retrieval.max_duration`

Required:

- `unit` (String) Must be one of Minute, Hour, or Day.
- `value` (Number) Must be an integer greater than or equal to 0

## Nobl9 Official Documentation

https://docs.nobl9.com/
